Ye Lihan immediately released Miss Han
General Xia, this Ye Lihan is simply lawless
Do you want to kill it?
Before the auction closes
I don't want any complications.
General Xia, our Han family was so humiliated by this village woman
You don't do it
Han Yanyan lost her way for a small role
I really shouldn't.
In this small role, he relies on his ministers and extraordinary ministers. Yao relies on the emperor's order
Just eat it
I dare not touch him.
Are you done negotiating?
Since it's all taken, I can't help it.
Then keep your mouth shut
Presumptuous, this is Changle Auction House
The master behind her is Princess Changle
What's more, today's auction is arranged by Deer God Valley
In either case.
Identity is a top-level presence throughout the building
Hmph, even if you have ministers and don't still support it
Not enough
I don't need anyone to support me
Let alone an auction house
Even in the Nei Imperial City
I'm still arrogant
And I'm very unhappy today.
So I decided to stop the auction today